Update installation doc (#6242)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: com.unity.ml-agents/Documentation~/Installation.md

2. Select **+** > **Add package by name**.
3. Enter `com.unity.ml-agents`.
4. Enable **Preview Packages** under the **Advanced** drop-down list if the package doesn’t appear.

If the package isn’t listed, follow the [Advanced Installation](#install-ml-agents-advanced-installation) method instead.

#### Install the ML-Agents Python package

Install the ML-Agents Python package to enable communication between Unity and your machine learning training environment.

Using a Python virtual environment helps isolate project dependencies and prevent version conflicts across your system. Virtual environments are supported on macOS, Windows, and Linux. For more information, refer to [Using Virtual Environments](Using-Virtual-Environment.md).

1. Before installing ML-Agents, activate the Conda environment you created.

2. Install the ML-Agents Python package from the Python Package Index (PyPI):

```shell
python -m pip install mlagents==1.1.0
```
Make sure to install a Python package version that matches your Unity ML-Agents package version. For information on compatible versions, refer to the [ML-Agents release history](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/releases).

> 3. If you encounter an error while building the grpcio wheel, install it separately before reinstalling `mlagents`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you encounter an error while building the `grpcio` wheel, install it separately before reinstalling `mlagents`:
```

> 3. If you encounter an error while building the grpcio wheel, install it separately before reinstalling `mlagents`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you encounter an error while building the `grpcio` wheel, install it separately before reinstalling `mlagents`:
```

### Install ML-Agents (Advanced Installation)

Use the advanced installation method if you plan to modify or extend the ML-Agents Toolkit, or if you want to download and use the example environments included in the repository.

#### Clone the ML-Agents repository

Clone the ML-Agents repository to access the source code, sample environments, and development branches.

To clone the latest stable release, run:

```sh
git clone --branch release_23 https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents.git
```

The `--branch release_23` flag checks out the latest stable release.
If you omit this option, the `develop` branch is cloned instead, which may contain experimental or unstable changes.
If the release branch does not work as expected, switch to the develop branch. It may include fixes for dependency or compatibility issues.
To clone the bleeding-edge development version (optional), run:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents.git
```

> If you plan to contribute your changes, clone the develop branch (omit the `--branch` flag) and see the [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to contribute your changes, clone the develop branch (omit the `--branch` flag) and refer to the [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.
```

> # Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install the ML-Agents Toolkit
```

> To install and use the ML-Agents Toolkit, follow the steps below. Detailed instructions for each step are provided later on this page. For advanced installation and development setup, see the [Advanced Installation](#advanced-installation) section at the bottom of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this information to install and use the ML-Agents Toolkit. 

For advanced setup and development options, refer to [Advanced Installation](#advanced-installation).

1. Install Unity (6000.0 or later)
2. Install Python using conda (>= 3.10.1, <=3.10.12) - we recommend using 3.10.12

> 3. Install the `com.unity.ml-agents` Unity package

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 4. Install `mlagents-envs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 5. Install `mlagents`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### Install **Unity 6000.0** or Later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Unity (6000.0 or later)
```

[Download](https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download) and install Unity. We strongly recommend that you install Unity through the Unity Hub as it will enable you to manage multiple Unity versions.

> ### Install **Python 3.10.12** using Conda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Python 3.10.12 using Conda
```

We recommend using [conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) or [mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) to install and manage Python environments.

> Once conda has been installed on your system, open a terminal and execute the following commands to setup a Python 3.10.12 virtual environment and activate it:

Reviewer: Addressed above, so this can be removed.

> Once conda has been installed on your system, open a terminal and execute the following commands to setup a Python 3.10.12 virtual environment and activate it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ```shell

Reviewer: This is covered above, so can be removed.

> conda create -n mlagents python=3.10.12 && conda activate mlagents

Reviewer: Please remove this line of code as it is covered above.

# Installation

> To install and use the ML-Agents Toolkit, follow the steps below. Detailed instructions for each step are provided later on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up your system to use the ML-Agents Toolkit to train and evaluate machine-learning agents in Unity projects.

This process includes installing Unity, configuring Python, and installing the ML-Agents packages. Follow the steps in order to ensure compatibility between Unity and the ML-Agents components.
```

> 1. Install Unity (6000.0 or later)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 2. Install Python using conda (>= 3.10.1, <=3.10.12) - we recommend using 3.10.12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3. Install ML-Agents using one of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>    3.1 Package installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    3.2 Advanced installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## 1. Install **Unity 6000.0** or Later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Install Unity
```

> [Download](https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download) and install Unity. We strongly recommend that you install Unity through the Unity Hub as it will enable you to manage multiple Unity versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Unity 6000.0 or later to use the ML-Agents Toolkit.

To install Unity, follow these steps:

1. [Download Unity](https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download).
2. Use the Unity Hub to manage installations and versions.
   Unity Hub makes it easier to manage multiple Unity versions and associated projects.
4. Verify that the Unity Editor version is 6000.0 or later.
```

> ## 2. Install **Python 3.10.12** using Conda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Python 3.10.12 using Conda
```

> We recommend using [conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) or [mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) to install and manage Python environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Conda or Mamba to install and manage your Python environment. This ensures that ML-Agents dependencies are isolated and version-controlled.
```

> Once conda has been installed on your system, open a terminal and execute the following commands to set up a Python 3.10.12 virtual environment and activate it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Python, follow these steps:

1. Install [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) or [Mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba).
2. Open a terminal and create a new Conda environment with Python 3.10.12:
   
   ```shell
   conda create -n mlagents python=3.10.12 && conda activate mlagents
   ```
3. On Windows, install PyTorch separately to ensure CUDA support:

   ```sh
   pip3 install torch~=2.2.1 --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu121
   ```

   If prompted, install Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable. For more installation options and versions, refer to the [PyTorch installation guide](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/).
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> conda create -n mlagents python=3.10.12 && conda activate mlagents

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> On Windows, you'll have to install the PyTorch package separately prior to installing ML-Agents in order to make sure the cuda-enabled version is used, rather than the CPU-only version. Activate your virtual environment and run from the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> pip3 install torch~=2.2.1 --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu121

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Note that on Windows, you may also need Microsoft's Visual C++ Redistributable if you don't have it already. See the [PyTorch installation guide](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/) for more installation options and versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## 3.1 Install ML-Agents - Package Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install ML-Agents
```

> Use this installation method if you do not plan to modify or extend the ML-Agents Toolkit for your purposes and you don't need access to our example environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install ML-Agents in two ways:

* Package installation: Recommended for most users who want to use ML-Agents without modifying the source code.
* Advanced installation: For contributors, developers extending ML-Agents, or users who want access to the example environments.
```

> ### 3.1.1 Install the `com.unity.ml-agents` Unity package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install ML-Agents (Package installation)

Use this method if you don’t plan to modify the toolkit or need the example environments.

#### Install the Unity package

To install the package, follow these steps:

1. In Unity, open **Window** > **Package Manager**.
2. Select **+** > **Add package by name**.
3. Enter `com.unity.ml-agents`.
4. Enable **Preview Packages** under the **Advanced** drop-down list if the package doesn’t appear.

If the package isn’t listed, follow the [Advanced Installation](#32-install-ml-agents---advanced-installation) method instead.
```

> The Unity ML-Agents C# SDK is a Unity Package. You can install the `com.unity.ml-agents` package [directly from the Package Manager registry](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-install.html). Please make sure you enable 'Preview Packages' in the 'Advanced' dropdown in order to find the latest Preview release of the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> **NOTE:** If you do not see the ML-Agents package listed in the Package Manager please follow the [Advanced Installation](#32-install-ml-agents---advanced-installation) instructions at the bottom of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### 3.1.2 Install Python package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install the Python package
```

> Installing the `mlagents` Python package involves installing other Python packages that `mlagents` depends on. So you may run into installation issues if your machine has older versions of any of those dependencies already installed. Consequently, our supported path for installing `mlagents` is to leverage Python Virtual Environments. Virtual Environments provide a mechanism for isolating the dependencies for each project and are supported on Mac / Windows / Linux. We offer a dedicated [guide on Virtual Environments](Using-Virtual-Environment.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the ML-Agents Python package to enable communication between Unity and your machine learning training environment.

Using a Python virtual environment helps isolate project dependencies and prevent version conflicts across your system. Virtual environments are supported on macOS, Windows, and Linux. For more information, refer to [Using Virtual Environments](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/pull/6242/files/Using-Virtual-Environment.md).

1. Before installing ML-Agents, activate the Conda environment you created:

   ```
   conda activate mlagents
   ```

2. Install the ML-Agents Python package from the Python Package Index (PyPI):

   ```
   python -m pip install mlagents==1.1.0
   ```

   Make sure to install a Python package version that matches your Unity ML-Agents package version. For information on compatible versions, refer to the [ML-Agents release history](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/releases).

3. If you encounter an error while building the `grpcio` wheel, install it separately before reinstalling ML-Agents:

   ```
   conda install "grpcio=1.48.2" -c conda-forge
   ```

   This step resolves dependency conflicts that can occur with older versions of `grpcio`.

4. When the installation completes successfully, all the required Python dependencies listed in the [setup.py file](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/release/4.0.0/ml-agents/setup.py), including [PyTorch](Background-PyTorch.md) are automatically configured.
```

> You can install the ML-Agents Python package directly from PyPi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> **Important:** Ensure you install a Python package version that matches your Unity package version. Check the [release history](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/releases) to find compatible versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

The Unity ML-Agents C# SDK is a Unity Package. You can install the `com.unity.ml-agents` package [directly from the Package Manager registry](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-install.html). Please make sure you enable 'Preview Packages' in the 'Advanced' dropdown in order to find the latest Preview release of the package.

> **NOTE:** If you do not see the ML-Agents package listed in the Package Manager please follow the [Advanced Installation](#advanced-installation) instructions at the bottom of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If you don't see the ML-Agents package listed in the **Package Manager**, refer to [Advanced Installation](#advanced-installation).
```

#### Installing `mlagents` from PyPi

You can install the ML-Agents Python package directly from PyPi. This is the recommended approach if you installed the C# package via the Package Manager registry.

**Important:** Ensure you install a Python package version that matches your Unity package version. Check the [release history](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/releases) to find compatible versions.

To install, activate your virtual environment and run the following command:

```shell
python -m pip install mlagents==1.1.0
```

which will install the latest version of ML-Agents Python packages and associated dependencies available on PyPi. If building the wheel for `grpcio` fails, run the following command before installing `mlagents` with pip:

```shell
conda install "grpcio=1.48.2" -c conda-forge
```

When you install the Python package, the dependencies listed in the [setup.py file](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/release/4.0.0/ml-agents/setup.py) are also installed. These include [PyTorch](Background-PyTorch.md).

## Advanced Installation

> ### Unity Package: Local Installation for Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unity Package: Local installation for development
```

> When you install the Python package, the dependencies listed in the [setup.py file](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/release/4.0.0/ml-agents/setup.py) are also installed. These include [PyTorch](Background-PyTorch.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## 3.2 Install ML-Agents - Advanced Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install ML-Agents (Advanced Installation)

Use the advanced installation method if you plan to modify or extend the ML-Agents Toolkit, or if you want to download and use the example environments included in the repository.
```

> You will need to clone the repository if you plan to modify or extend the ML-Agents Toolkit for your purposes, or if you'd like to download our example environments. Some of our tutorials / guides assume you have access to our example environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Clone the ML-Agents repository

Clone the ML-Agents repository to access the source code, sample environments, and development branches.

To clone the latest stable release, run:

```
git clone --branch release_23 https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents.git
```

The `--branch release_23` flag checks out the latest stable release. If you omit this option, the `develop` branch is cloned instead, which may contain experimental or unstable changes.

If the `release` branch does not work as expected, switch to the `develop` branch. It may include fixes for dependency or compatibility issues.

To clone the bleeding-edge development version (optional), run:

```
git clone https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents.git
```

If you plan to contribute your changes, clone the `develop` branch (omit the `--branch` flag). For more information, refer to the [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/pull/6242/files/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> The `--branch release_23` option will switch to the tag of the latest stable release. Omitting that will get the `develop` branch which is potentially unstable. However, if you find that a release branch does not work, the recommendation is to use the `develop` branch as it may have potential fixes for bugs and dependency issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> To get the bleeding-edge development version (optional):

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> git clone https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> If you plan to contribute those changes back, make sure to clone the `develop` branch (by omitting `--branch release_23` from the command above). See our [Contributions Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on contributing to the ML-Agents Toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### 3.2.1 Add the `com.unity.ml-agents` Unity package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Add the ML-Agents Unity package

After cloning the repository, add the `com.unity.ml-agents` Unity package to your project.

To add the local package, follow these steps:

1. In the Unity Editor, go to **Window** > **Package Manager**.
2. In the **Package Manager** window, select **+**.
3. Select **Add package from disk**.
4. Navigate to the cloned repository and open the `com.unity.ml-agents` folder.
5. Select the `package.json` file.

Unity adds the ML-Agents package to your project.

If you plan to use the example environments provided in the repository, open the **Project** folder in Unity to explore and experiment with them.
```

> You can [add the local](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-local.html) `com.unity.ml-agents` package (from the repository that you just cloned) to your project by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 1. Navigating to the menu `Window` -> `Package Manager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 2. In the package manager window, click on the `+` button on the top left of the packages list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 3. Select `Add package from disk...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 4. Navigate into the `com.unity.ml-agents` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 5. Select the `package.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

<p align="center"> <img src="images/unity_package_manager_window.png" alt="Unity Package Manager Window" height="150" border="10" /> <img src="images/unity_package_json.png" alt="package.json" height="150" border="10" /> </p>

> If you are going to follow the examples from our documentation, you can open the `Project` folder in Unity and start tinkering immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to start experimenting immediately, open the **Project** folder in Unity and explore the example scenes.
```

> If you are going to follow the examples from our documentation, you can open the `Project` folder in Unity and start tinkering immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### 3.2.2 Install Python package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Install the ML-Agents Python package

Install the Python packages from the cloned repository to enable training and environment communication.

1. From the root of the cloned repository, activate your virtual environment and run:

   ```
   cd /path/to/ml-agents
   python -m pip install ./ml-agents-envs
   python -m pip install ./ml-agents
   ```

   This installs the ML-Agents packages directly from the cloned source, not from PyPI.

2. To confirm a successful installation, run:

   ```
   mlagents-learn --help
   ```

   If the command lists available parameters, your setup is complete.

3. If you plan to modify the ML-Agents source code or contribute changes, install the packages in editable mode.

   Editable installs let you make live changes to the Python files and test them immediately.

   From the repository’s root directory, run:

   ```
   pip3 install torch -f https://download.pytorch.org/whl/torch_stable.html
   pip3 install -e ./ml-agents-envs
   pip3 install -e ./ml-agents
   ```

   > [!NOTE]  
   > Install the packages in this order. The `mlagents` package depends on `mlagents_envs`. Installing them in the reverse order causes `mlagents_envs` to be downloaded from PyPI, which can cause version mismatches.
```

> To install the `mlagents` Python package, activate your virtual environment and run from the command line:

Reviewer: You may please delete all the following information as it has been covered in the steps above.
